Your ESO fashion wishlist. What general additions/tweaks to the ESO outfit system would you like to see (realistic or not)?
What songs are on the soundtrack for your favorite dungeon(s)? Feel free to include public dungeons/delves.
The last NPC you remember interacting with in-game is now your Secret Santa recipient. What do you (or your character) get them?
You can create one book/document to add to the game as a lorebook. What would it be?
1-3 quotes or memes that fit your character and/or favorite NPC(s):
What non-combat skill line or activity would you like to see added to the game?
If you could add one or more random encounters to an existing zone (traveling merchants, folks needing you to settle an argument, adoring fans, etc), what would they be?
Follow-up to the faction radio stations: if your character(s) were to DJ a radio station, what kind of genres or artists would they play?
What REALLY happened to the Dwemer? Wrong answers only.
Your character is making a wishlist on Tamriel's premier shopping site. What's on it?
If you could design one or more custom skills for your character(s) that aren't already in the game, what would they be?
Favorite lesser-known "hidden gem" addons (or just favorite addons)?
Tamriel has just introduced a social media service. How does your character (or NPC of your choice) use it? What kinds of things do they post?
Dungeon or quest area Yelp reviews:
Choose an album. For three or more songs on that album, identify a character, location, or quest/storyline that you might associate with that song.
Your character is mentioned in a lorebook in a future era. What would the book be about, and this being TES with its unreliable narrator, what would it get wrong?
What one-off character (who's only shown up in a single sidequest) would you like to see return in a future chapter? What would they be doing?
You get to design and own a new radiant mount for free. What does it look/sound like, including special animations?
ZOS has just allowed you to travel with three companions (forming a full party) instead of just the one. Which companions do you/your character(s) choose?
Classified ads for daedric (or other) artifacts:
We have "world events" like dolmens and geysers where we have to fight off major zone-wide threats, but what might "local events" around a single city or quest hub look like?
Songs to go with each playable character class:
What new emotes and/or mementos would you like to see in the game?
Your character is a questgiver for a new delve. What kind of delve is it, and what quest do they offer?
A weapon skill line for an item that wasn't designed to be a weapon:
What is your favorite "fun build" (i.e. a roleplay or other build that isn't necessarily optimized for a role)? 
Tamriel gets a musical episode (chapter or questline)! Where does it take place, what's it about, and what kind of songs are in it?
If you could design a TES dungeon, what would it look like? Where would it be located, and what kinds of bosses and other enemies would inhabit it?
Three songs that best fit your character (feel free to share a full playlist, but also choose the top three):
Trending topics on Tamrielic social media:
If you could design a new event for the game (or overhaul an existing one), what might it look like? How would you earn event tickets for it?
Favorite lorebook(s)?
If your character were a houseguest, what would their dialogue be?
Choose any antiquity item. What wacky theory would you propose as an explanation/description for it alongside the other codex entries?
A new skill line for a new or existing faction:
You're able to set your own music for when your character enters combat. What song(s) do you pick?
A new portal pops up in Fargrave that leads to the setting of another game. What kind of shenanigans ensue?
Favorite downtime activities of daedric cultists:
If you could design a new kind of repeatable solo or group content (e.g. Infinite Archive) that isn't just a dungeon or overland quest, what would it look like?
Aside from the standard adventurer/videogame protagonist ones, what tropes apply particularly well to your character(s)?
If your character had a "modern" hobby (one that's available in our modern world but not in Tamriel), what would it be?
What junk/"treasure" items would you like to see made into equippable gear, furnishings, or mementos?
Tabloids of Tamriel: what are the headlines?
If your character were made into a companion, what would their questline look like? What actions would gain/lose rapport with them?
The Tamriel Tourism Board is selling prepackaged tours for various tourist destinations. What locales might one such tour visit?
What "functional" item (e.g. crafting/armory stations or target dummies), existing or otherwise, would you like to see made available for housing?
You're the casting director for a movieremake starring NPCs from Tamriel. What is the movie, and who's playing what role?
Your character is now a dungeon/delve/world boss. What are their mechanics/special attacks and what do they say during the fight?
Tamriel infomercials: what's the product, who's promoting it, and how does it play out?
Your character(s) and/or favorite NPC(s) in emojis:


